fix: css clean up + message docs (#181)
patternfly/virtual-assistant: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/virtual-assistant/examples/demos/Chatbot.md

### Basic chatbot

This demo displays a basic chatbot, which includes:
1. The [`<ChatbotToggle>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-toggle) that controls the [`<Chatbot>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot) container.
2. A [`<ChatbotHeader>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-header) with all built sub-components laid out, including a `<ChatbotHeaderTitle>` that changes its presentation depending on the display mode.
3. The ability to swap display modes via `<ChatbotHeaderOptionsDropdown>`
4. [`<ChatbotContent>` and `<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot#chatbot-content-and-message-box) with:
- A `<ChatbotWelcomePrompt>`

> - An initial [user `<Message>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages) and an initial bot message with [response actions.](patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages#messages-with-feedback-response-actions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An initial [user `<Message>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages) and an initial bot message with [response actions.](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages/#messages-actions)
```

> The demonstrated features in this demo include:
> - The [`<ChatbotToggle>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-toggle) being able to toggle to the [`<Chatbot>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot) container.
> - A [`<ChatbotHeader>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-header) with all built subcomponents laid out, including a `<ChatbotHeaderTitle>` which changes its presentation depending on the display mode.
> - The ability to swap display modes via the `<ChatbotHeaderOptionsDropdown>`
> - A `<ChatbotContent>` and [`<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot#chatbot-content-and-message-box) components are housing: 
>   1. an implemented `<ChatbotWelcomePrompt>`
>   2. an initial user [`<Message>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages) and an initial bot message with [response actions](patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages#messages-with-feedback-response-actions)
>   3. logic for enabling auto-scrolling to the most recent message whenever a new message is sent or received using a `scrollToBottomRef`
> - A [`<ChatbotFooter>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-footer) housing a [`<ChatbotFootNote>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-footer#footnote-with-popover) and a `<MessageBar>` housing the implementation of:
>   1. [speech to text](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-footer#message-bar-with-speech-to-text)
>   2. sending a message to the chatbot
>   3. receiving a response from a backend AI tool with a loading message state.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demo displays a basic chatbot, which includes:
1. The [`<ChatbotToggle>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-toggle) that controls the [`<Chatbot>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot) container.
2. A [`<ChatbotHeader>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-header) with all built sub-components laid out, including a `<ChatbotHeaderTitle>` that changes its presentation depending on the display mode.
3. The ability to swap display modes via `<ChatbotHeaderOptionsDropdown>`
4. [`<ChatbotContent>` and `<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot#chatbot-content-and-message-box) with: 
  - A `<ChatbotWelcomePrompt>`
  - An initial [user `<Message>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages) and an initial bot message with [response actions.](patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-messages#messages-with-feedback-response-actions)
  - Logic for enabling auto-scrolling to the most recent message whenever a new message is sent or received using a `scrollToBottomRef`
5. A [`<ChatbotFooter>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-footer) with a [`<ChatbotFootNote>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-footer#footnote-with-popover) and a `<MessageBar>` that contains the abilities of:
  - [Speech to text.](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/chatbot-footer#message-bar-with-speech-to-text)
  - Sending a message to the chatbot.
  - Receiving a response from a backend AI tool with a loading message state.

```
